Update Bitbucket pipeline doco to include octo pipe (#727)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/packaging-applications/build-servers/bitbucket-pipelines/index.md

[Bitbucket Pipelines](https://bitbucket.org/product/features/pipelines) is Atlassian's cloud-based continuous integration server, built using pre-configured docker containers.

:::warning
As Bitbucket Pipelines is only available as a cloud offering, your Octopus Server must be accessible over the Internet.
:::

## Integrating with Bitbucket Pipelines

When using Octopus Deploy with BitBucket, BitBucket Pipelines will be responsible for:

- Checking for changes in source control.
- Compiling the code.
- Running unit tests.
- Creating packages for deployment.

> Octopus Deploy will be used to take those packages and to push them to development, test and production environments.

Reviewer: Oxford comma :)
```suggestion
Octopus Deploy will be used to take those packages and to push them to development, test, and production environments.
```

Octopus Deploy can be integrated with BitBucket Pipelines in two ways:

> - using our up-to-date [Octopus CLI Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/octopusdeploy/octo/) of our [Octopus CLI](/docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/index.md) command line tool.

Reviewer: Slight tweaks
```suggestion
- Using the up-to-date [Octopus CLI Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/octopusdeploy/octo/) of the [Octopus CLI](/docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/index.md) command-line tool.
```

> - using our new **experimental** BitBucket Pipe called [octo](https://bitbucket.org/octopusdeploy/octo/src/master/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using the new **experimental** BitBucket Pipe called [octo](https://bitbucket.org/octopusdeploy/octo/src/master/README.md).
```

:::warning 
**Experimental Pipe:**

The `octo` Bitbucket Pipe is currently experimental.

> If you want to try out the latest integration, and only need to use some of the more commonly used commands, for example to manage your packages, releases and deployments - then using the Pipe will be the right choice for you. 

Reviewer: Emphasizing the experimental nature of the pipe
```suggestion
If you want to try the latest integration, and only need to use some of the more commonly used commands, for example, to manage your packages, releases, and deployments, then using the experimental Pipe might be the right choice for you. 
```

> However, If you need full control over integrating your Bitbucket Pipeline with Octopus, then the pre-configured CLI Docker image would be the recommended method to do that. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you need full control over integrating your Bitbucket Pipeline with Octopus, the pre-configured CLI Docker image is the recommended method to do that. 
```

| OCTOPUS_SERVER | The Octopus Server URL you wish to push the final package to |
| OCTOPUS_APIKEY | The Octopus Deploy API Key required for authentication |

## BitBucket Pipeline configuration

When you enable BitBucket Pipelines for your repository, BitBucket stores all the information it requires into a `bitbucket-pipelines.yml` file in the base of your repository. This is the file we need to modify to run our build, pack and/or push package commands.

### Docker CLI Example of packing and pushing

> To show the basics working, here's an example pipeline step using the `octo` CLI Docker image which packs the current state of your repository into a zip file and then pushes that package to Octopus Deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example pipeline step that demonstrates using the `octo` CLI Docker image, which packs the current state of your repository into a zip file and then pushes that package to Octopus Deploy.
```

          - octo push --package ./out/$BITBUCKET_REPO_SLUG.$VERSION.zip  --server $OCTOPUS_SERVER --apiKey $OCTOPUS_APIKEY
```

> ### Pipe Example of packing and pushing

Reviewer: Sentence case for titles :)
```suggestion
### Pipe example of packing and pushing
```
